########################################
 Research Software Engineering Overview
########################################

We previously defined software engineering as the practice of creating
or improving software by leveraging the engineering design process. Now
we are going to pivot and see how adding a pre-fix changes nearly the
whole process.

*******************
 What Is Research?
*******************

In short, research is the act of discovering knowledge that was
previously not known. It can take many forms, from field and lab work,
to devising and solving equations on chalkboards, to interviewing people
about their lived or perceived experiences.

********************************************************
 How Does Software Engineering Play A Role In Research?
********************************************************

Software engineering in research can play one of two broad roles:
intrinsic software engineering whereby the research product is an
improvement to software engineering and our understanding of it, or as a
means to end in support of other scientific disciplines. We are
interested in the later.

When we look at software engineering as a means to an end in support of
other research objectives, we no longer focus on aspects such as code
quality, good engineering design process and practice, and
reproducibility, but rather that the software produces the right result.
This isn't to say that scientist's and non-software engineers do not
care about software engineering --- far from it in fact! --- but that
there exists a clear divide between the utility of the software
generated and the research produced for a particular field.

****************************************
 What Is Research Software Engineering?
****************************************

Research software engineering is the process of iteratively developing
software to... SE SE FOR SCIENCE BOOK.
