###############################
 Software Engineering Overview
###############################

The most appropriate place to begin with any endeavor is at the
beginning. So at first, there was nothing, then something, and then we
put lightning into a rock and made it think. Once we did that, we could
start engaging in the practice of software engineering.

*******************
 What Is Software?
*******************

Software, otherwise known as programs, are instructions that are written
for computer systems to operate on. Some software is easier to write
than others. For example, writing an application that returns the sum of
two numbers is often easier than writing an operating system. Regardless
of the technical complexity, both applications essentially boil down to
instructions that a computer system operates on.

**********************
 What Is Engineering?
**********************

Engineering is the applied practice of solving problems and improving
systems. This field applies the advancements made in the natural
sciences and mathematics to achieve an end goal. The process of
engineering a solution for a problem relies on the *engineering design
process*.

.. figure:: https://www.teachengineering.org/Images/edpHub/EDPHub_Graphic.png

*******************************
 What Is Software Engineering?
*******************************

Leveraging our definitions of software and engineering, we can now
define software engineering as the practice of creating or improving
software by leveraging the engineering design process. We are going to
leave our definition intentionally vague for now, as the implementation
mean little as you will (hopefully) come to see. But for almost any
piece of software that is designed, written, and released to achieve a
narrow and specific goal, the program author(s) had to undergone a
partial engineering design process to do so.

Implementation Details And The Ever Evolving Toolbox
====================================================

We ignore implementation details in our definition of software
engineering because these are constantly in flux. For similar problems
in similar contexts, the stakeholders may have different implementation
requirements. Additionally, your previous implementation of similar
software in similar contexts may not adequately operate in a new
environment. Finally, time plays a major factor; the implementation that
you had created 10 days, weeks, or years ago may not be as performant on
the latest hardware and software tool chains.
