#################################
 Deep Learning Reuse For Science
#################################

Written by Nicholas M. Synovic

.. _preface:

*********
 Preface
*********

Computers enable scientists to perform their research at unprecedented
speed and depth. To leverage this technology, computational scientists
need to leverage software engineering processes, methods, and techniques
to develop, modify, and incorporate the necessary scientific packages
into their experiments. Existing literature has identified that
computational scientists are not formally trained software engineers and
that the latest software engineering methods are often excluded from
their work. This "communication chasm" only continues to grow with the
popularization of deep learning models and methods.

The field of deep learning is seemingly accelerating faster and faster
with each passing day, making incorporating the latest advancements and
discoveries difficult for engineers and scientists alike. Thus deep
learning reuse methods, techniques, and libraries are often leveraged to
incorporate these findings into software products. While deep learning
has existed since the 1980's, the aforementioned popularization of the
technology has only happened within the past ten years. Thus the
application of deep learning within the fields of computational Natural
Science is nascent.

However, there is emerging evidence that computational Natural
Scientists are embracing deep learning to further investigate biology,
chemistry, physics, and environmental science. With the 2024 Nobel
Prizes for both Chemistry and Physics being awarded to scientists for
the creation of deep learning models and methods respectfully, the
scientific community is expected to leverage these models to advance our
knowledge. But as computational Natural Scientists are not software
engineers, and software engineers are not computational Natural
Scientists, the communication chasm that divides the two parties makes
it difficult to convey effective methods that enable reusing deep
learning methods and models to save time, cost, and energy. This book is
an attempt at a living document that addresses this chasm and builds a
bridge between the two parties enabling both to meet each others needs.

This book is for those looking to derive value from existing deep
learning models. For students to learn how to approach and apply deep
learning methods to their work. For educators to teach their students
how to leverage deep learning to solve scientific problems. For
researchers to further interigate their data with the latest technology.

.. _acknowledgements:

******************
 Acknowledgements
******************

I'd like to acknowledge my fellow Ph.D. cohorts whose advise has only
made my writing better, my Ph.D. advisors and committee members for
their support and mentorship, my parents and siblings for their constant
cheerleading, and my wife Melissa for her love and support.

.. _authors:

*********
 Authors
*********

Nicholas M. Synovic does not like writing in the third person and will
henceforth be writing in the first throughout the remainder of the
document. I'm a Ph.D. student at Loyola University Chicago (LUC)
studying Software Engineering of AI for Science. I've published work on
software engineering process metrics, reusing deep learning methods
within software engineering, the security of the deep learning supply
chain, datasets on the proliferation of deep learning models within
open-source software.

You can read more of my writing at my website:
https://nicholassynovic.github.io

.. toctree::
   :caption: Part 1
   :maxdepth: 2

   Software Engineering Overview <chapter_1>
   Deep Learning Overview <chapter_2>
   Research On Research Software Engineering Overview <chapter_3>

.. toctree::
   :caption: Part 2
   :maxdepth: 2

   chapter_4
   chapter_5
   chapter_6

.. toctree::
   :caption: Part 3
   :maxdepth: 2

   chapter_7
   chapter_8
   chapter_9
